Cut clean v0.10.0 release (#54)
ObolNetwork/obol-docs: versioned_docs/version-v0.10.0/dv/09_charon_cli_reference.md

      --p2p-denylist string             Comma-separated list of CIDR subnets for disallowing certain peer connections. Example: 192.168.0.0/16 would disallow connections to peers on your local network. The default is to accept all connections.
      --p2p-external-hostname string    The DNS hostname advertised by libp2p. This may be used to advertise an external DNS.
      --p2p-external-ip string          The IP address advertised by libp2p. This may be used to advertise an external IP.
      --p2p-tcp-address strings         Comma-separated list of listening TCP addresses (ip and port) for libP2P traffic. (default [127.0.0.1:3610])
      --p2p-udp-address string          Listening UDP address (ip and port) for discv5 discovery. (default "127.0.0.1:3630")
      --simnet-beacon-mock              Enables an internal mock beacon node for running a simnet.
      --simnet-validator-mock           Enables an internal mock validator client when running a simnet. Requires simnet-beacon-mock.
      --validator-api-address string    Listening address (ip and port) for validator-facing traffic proxying the beacon-node API. (default "127.0.0.1:3600")
```

### Host a bootnode

> Bootnodes are dual-purpose at this point in time. They run a [discV5](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/discv5/discv5.md) discovery server that allows charon clients to find one another despite IP address changes, and they also run a libp2p [circuit relay](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/circuit-relay/) server that allows charon clients behind NAT gateways to be communicated with when `--p2p-bootnode-relay` is enabled. These features make it easier to get a distributed validator cluster established and connected, but they trade off against cluster independence and fault tolerance. In the long run the use of these features will be minimised, but for now, if you want to self-host a bootnode for your cluster(s) the following command will start one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command starts a [discV5](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/discv5/discv5.md) bootnode server that charon nodes use to discover each other in the cluster. Bootnodes can also be used as [libp2p circuit relay](https://docs.libp2p.io/concepts/circuit-relay/) which allows peers in a cluster to connect to each other through the bootnode. This is helpful if peers are behind NAT gateways.
```
